but not
the four seasons are due to the
rotation of the earth around the sun
as you can see in this mural of
illustrations your work for class
will be creating our own mural with
illustrations of the station you choose
and explain to me why you think it 's the
more important
frank and javi vida and you will do the job
in a group
Doing work at home seems to me
great well on the go
I knew if I kept all the numbers
of brabo monsters someday they would come
of fear what season we choose
the spring the season in which everything
it blooms and springs and love breathes
in the air an air also have pollen
have allergy best bierno time for
silence and reflection without pollen there was no
flowers without winter no snow no snow no
snowy landscape because we said the
summer is not in spring you can leave
to the street no better than night next to
chimney are you telling me that the
Winter is better than spring
I'm tested and if we do it in the
winter against noise in thriller and
woods and can sing ladybugs
school thank you catch margarita
the doll to arm for him
I believe that the two seasons have their
own charm look how pretty this is
much more beautiful flower of ice
outstanding jozami we already see the
average is which
you do not realize that there will not be
Spring without winter or winter without
spring wait I already have it
life and I understood that it is a
winter there would be no prime life
the stations pass one after the other and what
what matters it is moon means
for the wedding